Update ssh-winrm-faqs.md (#8460)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/traditional/ssh-winrm-faqs.md

### Does Harness support automatic rollback for SSH/WINRM deployment types?
No, you need to write a custom script where you can get the previous version and create a new forward deployment with the required version of the artifact and the manifest.

> ### How to reference privateIp for ec2 instance while using ssh type deployment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I reference privateIp for an EC2 instance while using a ssh type deployment?
```

> You can make use of ```<+instance.properties.privateIp>``` and for all available variable under instance properties you can print  ```<+instance.properties.*>``` and confirm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make use of ```<+instance.properties.privateIp>``` for all available variables under instance properties. You can print  ```<+instance.properties.*>``` and confirm this list. 
```
